# <div align="center"><p style="color: White; font-size:larger;">**Highschool Hub**</p></div>

## <div align="center"><p style="color: orange; font-size:larger;"><ins>**Vision Statement**</ins></p></div>
<p style="font-size:large;color:white">Highschool Hub is a social platform where users can find other users who went to or worked at the high school they attended. After registering for an account, users will gain access to their own profile page where they can add their personal information—this can include their name, age, bio, marital status, social media links, and photos. Additionally, users will be able to add high schools they have attended to their profile, which will be an important feature that further allows users to find other users from their high school. When a user finds another user they would like to connect with, the app will offer the option of notifying this user; if a user agrees to be discoverable to another user, the other user will be able to view their socials.</p><br>
<div style="padding-left: 40px;">
<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">Unlike other social media platforms (LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.), Highschool Hub will be limited to high schools, which makes it more focused and, hence, easier to use. Users will benefit from this limitation since they would not be overwhelmed by all the additional features that come with a contemporary social media platform.</p><br>
</div>
<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">The users of this app are high school students (past and current) and high school staff (past and current) who would like to connect with other students and staff from their high school. Notably, high school graduates who have lost touch with friends from high school would greatly benefit from using this app.However, anyone who has attended high school can find value in easily connecting with other students and staff from their high school.</p><br>

<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">The goal of this app is not to provide a prototypical social media platform. Specifically, a chat feature will not be included since users have the capability to add their socials on their respective profile pages. Said social links provide chat features far superior than the chat feature that can be included in the app.</p><br>

<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">The goal of Highschool Hub is for users to notify each other of their existence and connect via their provided socials. The value of this app lies within the idea that it’s designed for a specific purpose—finding contacts from high school. Social media platforms contain an enormous number of users, with a lot of duplicate names, which makes it challenging to find your high school friends and staff. With that being said, the app is designed to allow the users access to only the database of users within their high school specified grade/year, which will make it much simpler when it comes to searching for users.</p><br>

<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">The app, although simplistic, allows users to expand their social network in a targeted manner. In fact, the simplicity of the app drives its usefulness. Users can now expand their academic circle by connecting to students and teachers. This is a major improvement over traditional social media platforms because it reduces clutter and makes connecting with others easier.</p><br>

<p style="font-size:large;color:white;text-indent: 2cm">The app will be considered successful if we are able to get around 250 new users in one month or less, or if at least 75% of new users successfully find and connect with a user from their high school within one month of using the app.</p>
